The platform won't delete cache images (#594)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/app-developer-guide/using-cache-image.md

```
<!--+- "{{execute}}"+-->

> ### Images retention

Reviewer: I like this suggestion! @dlion WDYT?

Managing the lifecycle of images should be the responsibility of the owner, as `the platform does not automatically clean up old images from the registry`.   
You can refer to your registry's documentation to learn how to accomplish this.   

> For example, if you are using [AWS ECR](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/), you can find information on how to delete images in the AWS ECR documentation, specifically in the section on [image deletion](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/delete_image.html).

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should also include Docker documentation, simply because most users of our sample buildpacks will be using the daemon registry?

```suggestion
* [AWS ECR](https://aws.amazon.com/ecr/) users can find information on how to delete images in the AWS ECR documentation, specifically in the section on [image deletion](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECR/latest/userguide/delete_image.html).
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/) users can consult the Docker documentation on [Advanced Image Management](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/image-management/) to find out how to delete images.
```

Reviewer: I like this suggestion
